Table: Sources

The Sources table lists the original sources of the data, providing information sufficient to
retrieve and reconstruct the data value from the original data files if necessary.

CREATE TABLE Sources (
		SourceID serial unique,
		Organization varchar(255) not null,
		SourceDescription text not null,
		SourceLink varchar(500) default NULL,
		ContactName varchar(500) not null default 'Unknown',
		Phone varchar(255) not null default 'Unknown',
		Email varchar(255) not null default 'Unknown',
		Address varchar(255) not null default 'Unknown',
		City varchar(255) not null default 'Unknown',
		Department varchar(255) not null default 'Unknown',
		ZipCode varchar(255) not null default 'Unknown',
		Citation text not null default 'Unknown',
		MetadataID integer not null default 1 references ISOMetadata(MetadataID),
		PRIMARY KEY (SourceID)
		);

The following rules and best practices should be followed when populating this table:
	1. The SourceID field is the primary key, must be a unique integer, and cannot be NULL.
	This field should be implemented as an auto number/identity field.
	2. The Organization field should contain a text description of the agency or organization
	that created the data.
	3. The SourceDescription field should contain a more detailed description of where the data
	was actually obtained.
	4. A default value of “Unknown” may be used for the source contact information fields in
	the event that this information is not known.
	5. Each source must be associated with a metadata record in the ISOMetadata table. As
	such, the MetadataID must reference a valid MetadataID from the ISOMetadata table.
	The ISOMetatadata table should be populated with an appropriate record prior to adding
	a source to the Sources table. A default MetadataID of 0 can be used for a source with
	unknown or uninitialized metadata.
	6. Use the Citation field to record the text that you would like others to use when they are
	referencing your data. Where available, journal citations are encouraged to promote the
	correct crediting for use of data.
	
POPULATE DATA FOR IDEAM
INSERT INTO Sources (Organization, SourceDescription, SourceLink, ContactName, Phone, Email, Address, City, Department, Zipcode, Citation, MetadataID)
	VALUES ('IDEAM', 'Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales de Colombia',
	'http://www.ideam.gov.co/', 'Línea nacional', '018000110012', 'atencionalciudadano@ideam.gov.co',
	'Calle 25 D No. 96 B - 70', 'Bogotá D.C', 'Cundinamarca', '110911', 
	'IDEAM (Instituto de Hidrología, Meteorología y Estudios Ambientales de Colombia)', 1);

POPULATE DATA FOR SIRH-IDEAM
INSERT INTO Sources (Organization, SourceDescription, SourceLink, ContactName, Phone, Email, Address, City, Department, Zipcode, Citation, MetadataID)
	VALUES ('SIRH-IDEAM', 'Sistema de Información del Recurso Hídrico, SIRH',
	'http://sirh.ideam.gov.co:8230/Sirh/pages/inicio.html', 'Línea nacional', '018000110012', 'soporte_sirh@ideam.gov.co',
	'Calle 25 D No. 96 B - 70', 'Bogotá D.C', 'Cundinamarca', '110911', 
	'SIRH-IDEAM (Sistema de Información del Recurso Hídrico)', 1);
